E. R.
Previously on E. R.
- A brain tumor.
- It's a GBM.
The speech arrest you were experiencing
was probably the result of a focal seizure.
You'd lose all ability to comprehend,
interact with the world around you.
I had a biopsy
While the tumor's adjacent to Broca's
it hasn't invaded it yet.
We'll do an awake craniotomy.
You'll be conscious and talking...
while I map out Broca's
and resect the tumor.
E. R. 7x10 "PIECE OF MIND"
Don't you pull out, you dumb-ass!
- I asked you a question.
- I just don't wanna play anymore.
Think I've liked waking up at 5:30 a. m.
for 10 years to drive you to a cold arena?
My toes are frozen, my ass is numb.
That damn coffee machine
gives me heartburn all freaking day.
Wake up, Dad.
I'm not gonna make the NHL.
Not with that attitude.
You wanna end up working in a factory
like me and your Uncle Don?
- No.
- Well, you're damn right you don't.
Want a good job, go to college.
To go to college,
you'll need a scholarship.
You're a bright kid, but you won't
get a scholarship with those grades.
Well, maybe my grades would be better
if I wasn't playing hockey all the time.
Dad!
It's okay, keep it.
- Nice tip.
- It's New Year's Eve.
- He's got a long day ahead of him.
- Sounds okay to me.
Drive around Manhattan,
listen to the radio...
...talk to people, no brain surgery.
- Very funny.
- It's weird.
You know, I've sent
a couple thousand people to the O.R.
- And?
- And I've never been myself.
- You're a virgin.
- I still have my appendix, my tonsils.
The only general anesthetic I've
ever gotten was in a dentist's chair.
- It's no different, really.
- Oh, sure.
Pull a tooth, have my skull sawed open,
it's pretty much the same thing.
- I mean the anesthesia.
- Except for the part where they wake me.
At that point,
you'll know things are going well.
Yeah, right.
Are you ready?
Let's do it.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Come on,
we gotta get them out of there!
- Cut the battery.
- Shut that off.
No. Take my dad.
- We gotta get you out to get to him.
- All right.
- Blunt head trauma, open tib-fib fracture.
- Dad? Dad, you okay?
- Start a line...
- I don't know. You?
- I think I'm hurt pretty bad.
- Easy.
Paul? Paul!
Paul!
- Paul, you hear me?
- How are you doing, sir?
- What's wrong with my son?
- He's going to the hospital.
- What's your name?
- Dan Harris.
- Can you tell me what day it is?
- December 31.
Good. Let's get a C-collar.
- I need another backboard.
- Paul!
Pupils equal and reactive.
Okay, let's roll him.
E. R.
- Did you pass out?
- I don't know. It happened so fast.
- Are in you in pain?
- That air bag gave my chest a good shot.
- Another two of morphine.
- You're doing a ride-along.
Yeah. Residency requirement.
I've been putting it off.
- I thought you'd make a good paramedic.
- That's funny.
Dan Harris, auto versus garbage truck.
Restrained passenger...
...air bags deployed.
I cleared his neck on the ride.
My son, Paul Harris,
did they bring him here?
Yeah, I think so. We'll find out.
- Are you taking any medications?
- No.
- You got any drug allergies?
- This the other MVA?
- Yeah, 46-year-old male.
- Any past surgeries?
- Appendix, as a kid. Where's Paul?
- That's his son.
- Weaver's got him in 2.
Who's Weaver?
- End of the line, Mr. Harris. Good luck.
- You're leaving?
- Yeah. Gotta save some more lives.
- One, two, three.
Let's get a 12-lead
and cut these clothes off.
All right, C-spine, chest and pelvis,
trauma panel and a UA.
BP 130/92, pulse 116.
My wife just bought those pants.
Have you ever been
in this hospital before?
No, I haven't been in a hospital
since my son was born.
- Give me 20 cc's of 1 % lido with bicarb.
- That's cold!
Who's your family doctor?
Klizowski at the Morgan Family Clinic.
What are you doing?
Putting a tube in your chest
to reinflate your lung.
- I got a collapsed lung?
- It happens with your type of injury.
- But you'll breathe easier once it's in.
- Thora-Seal's ready.
- Is there anyone we can notify?
- My wife, Debra.
-28 French.
- Do you have the number?
I can't remember.
I got it on speed dial.
She teaches
at Our Lady of Perpetual Hope.
- Let's culture the bone.
- Got an extra Foley kit?
- Gram of Ancef and 100 of gent.
- Paul!
- Give me a large Kelly.
- Dad, is that you?
- Can you...?
Can you open that door?
I need to see him.
- What are you doing?
- This is the father.
- I'm right here, son.
- Irrigation saline, sterile four-by-fours.
- Dad?
- Yeah.
- They stuck a freaking tube in my chest.
- I'm in. Hook me up to low suction.
I'm okay, though.
Hey, you know, your mom's gonna be
really pissed off about her truck.
I'll tell her you were driving, okay?
Hey, Cleo.
Need some Xeroform over here.
Paul? Don't be scared, Paul.
- I'm not.
- Be strong, now! Be strong.
- He's gonna be okay, right?
- Looks like a tough kid.
Yeah. Yes, he is.
Are you finished?
Yeah. I just need you to sign this.
- It's a power of attorney.
- Something goes wrong-
Something goes wrong, what?
No heroic measures.
No ventilators, no feeding tubes...
...if there's no hope
of meaningful recovery.
- You're going to be fine, Mark.
- Elizabeth, you're a surgeon.
- You know that-
- That you're going to be fine.
- You don't want the responsibility?
- It's unnecessary.
I don't want to end up like that.
Now you're being dramatic.
So if I end up
in a persistent vegetative state-
Fine.
Fine. Give it to me.
- What's in the Thora-Seal?
- Minimal blood loss.
Oh, good. No hemothorax.
Mr. Harris? I need you to sign this
consent for treatment for your son.
- Where is he?
- Radiology.
What's he doing there?
We had to get x-rays of his leg.
He'll probably need surgery.
- Can't you just put a cast on it?
- The bone penetrated the skin.
But there's no joints involved, and it's
midshaft, so it'll probably heal nicely.
Mr. Harris, I gotta take you
for a head CT.
- What's that?
- Head CT? CAT scan.
It's pretty standard after you hit
your head and lose consciousness.
- Did you tell her yet?
- Who?
- Weaver.
- Oh, no, not yet.
But it's part of
my New Year's resolution.
No, really. It is.
You okay?
- Am I bleeding?
- No.
I'm fine.
- Did you call the furnace guy?
- Yep. Last week.
Is he coming over?
You don't want the pipes to freeze.
Larry let him in.
- Who's Larry?
- Larry Corbin, the neighbor.
- In the blue house?
- No, in the brown, actually.
I'm sorry.
No, no. It's my fault. Oh, damn.
You're gonna have
to put on scrubs anyway.
- Scrubs?
- You were planning on coming in?
- Don't you think Burke might object?
- You're probably right.
It's gonna be pretty crowded in there.
Mark, do you want me to come in?
No, I'll be fine.
You go get cleaned up.
I can finish this.
- I'll be right back.
- Okay.
I've never been
so claustrophobic before.
- Happens to many people.
- Is everything all right?
Looks good, but a radiologist has
to review the films.
- Can I sit up?
- Sure.
Let me know if you get lightheaded.
We contacted the school.
They're trying to reach Debra.
God, I hope she doesn't get
in a car accident rushing over here.
Hey, can we see Paul
before his operation?
That depends on when the orthopedic
surgeon can schedule the surgery.
- It's just his leg, right?
- No, he had a head trauma.
- Trauma? What do you mean trauma?
- He hit his head just like you did.
He's stable now,
but we observe head injuries carefully.
- You mean he could be unstable?
- I'm sure he'll be fine.
Oh, God, she's gonna think
it's my fault again.
What?
Our first son died of SIDS.
He'd be about 20 now.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, he was 3 weeks old.
I sent my wife out, you know,
to get some rest...
...you know,
for herself for a couple hours.
The baby had been up all night,
finally fell asleep.
I must have dozed off myself.
Because I didn't wake
until I heard her scream.
She had come home
to find Nathan had died in his crib.
I mean, we didn't have baby monitors
and stuff like you do nowadays.
I mean, she didn't blame me.
But I know...
I know that she thought
if she'd stayed home that night...
...he'd still be alive.
There's no way you could have known.
Stick out your tongue.
Show me your teeth.
Repeat after me:
Ready to rock 'n' roll.
- "Ready to rock 'n' roll. "
- And that we are.
So you know the procedure,
you've had your meds.
- Anything on your mind?
- That's why I'm here.
You won't see me in there,
but I'll be talking to you.
- Good luck.
- We don't need it, but thank you, Mark.
So, what are you here for?
I'm Leo.
I'm Mark. What are you here for?
I've got something growing on my heart.
I'm not sure how to say it.
- Myxoma?
- No, but it sounds like that.
- Teratoma?
- How did you know?
- I'm a doctor.
- Yeah, right.
Doctors get sick too, you know.
- I got something growing on my brain.
- What do they do for that?
Same as you. Operate, take it out.
Does it hurt?
They told me it wouldn't hurt.
You'll be asleep the whole time.
And when you wake up, if you're sore,
they'll give you medicine.
- This sucks.
- It'll be over before you know it.
It still sucks.
Yeah.
Is Trauma 1 still open?
Not for long. Blast injury to face
coming in. A guy testing Roman candles.
I have to park you until I find
you a room. I'll be back.
Thanks.
No, I've been waiting three hours.
- Happy New Year.
- Okay, Gordy. Back to bed.
Hey, Randi. Randi,
get Blue Beacon on the phone.
They cannot deny authorization
for a retinal-artery occlusion.
- Excuse me?
- I got a page for a surgical consult.
A guy in Curtain 2 has
a beeper up his rectum.
- What?
- Has it on vibrate.
- Can't figure out how he slipped it in.
- Ma'am?
Never underestimate the elasticity
of the anal sphincter.
Excuse me, excuse me.
You're the doctor who's taking care
of my son, Paul Harris.
- The car accident?
- Yes. Is he...? Is he all right?
They've arranged
to send him up to the O.R.
- We need you now. Sats are dropping.
- To what?
- Seventy-four.
- He was getting sleepy.
- But now we can't wake him.
- Heart rate down to 50.
- Paul!
- You want atropine?
- Push a milligram. Rapid induction.
- Paul!
- Number 8 ET tube.
Let's go.
BP's 90/60. Bag him on 100 percent.
- Call for a vent.
- Cricoid pressure.
- I'm in. Bag him.
- Paul!
Do you hear me? Be strong, Paul!
Don't quit!
- Hey, Mr. Harris. Feeling any better?
- No.
- You got a collapsed lung.
- Blood bank's low.
Weaver wants everybody to donate
before their shift's over.
- I always do.
- That's very generous of you.
That, and I get drunk for half as much
when I'm down a pint. Take it easy.
Good news.
Mr. Harris, your CT looks normal.
I know, but this tube you stuck
in my chest is killing me.
Abby, give Mr. Harris here
another 5 of morphine.
We're gonna admit you
and monitor you for a day or two.
- And then we'll take that tube out.
- Okay.
Listen, did you
find out anything at all?
His oxygen level was low for a while.
We're not sure why.
- Is that your son?
- Yes.
- What are his sats?
-100% after intubation. GCS is 10.
- What's that mean?
- It could be a bruise to the brain.
We won't know for sure
until after the scan.
- When is that?
- Any minute now.
Mr. Harris?
- Yes?
- I'm Officer Darcy. How you doing?
Well, I've been better.
I have to write an accident report.
Can you tell me what happened?
Well, I...
You know, I honestly don't remember.
One minute, I'm driving the car
with my son.
And then the next minute,
the paramedics are just dragging me out.
- That guy came out of nowhere.
- You failed to stop for the red light.
I would never do that.
- No, it wasn't my fault.
- Several witnesses say it was.
I guess it's too late
to change my mind now.
- Would you?
- No.
They took that kid in for a teratoma
resection while you were gone.
He was pretty freaked out.
I'm sure they'll be here soon.
Okay, time to go.
- Okay, you need help?
- Nope, I've got it.
- You gonna go see a movie?
- I'll be right outside.
Hey, your hands are like ice.
Do you want a blanket?
Mark? Mark, are you okay?
- If I don't make it through-
- Don't talk like that.
If I don't make it,
I left you the life insurance.
It'll pay for the house,
for you and the baby.
I'm sorry, Mark.
I can't go through here.
- I love you, Elizabeth.
- I love you too.
You're going to be okay,
and I'll see you very, very soon.
Okay, Mr. Greene,
I'm gonna lower your head now.
- Jesús, this is my last guy. You done?
- No, man. I gotta pull a double.
Happy-freaking-New Year, huh?
Tell me about it.
- All this for me?
- Yep.
Slide on over to the table for us.
Okay, Mark. I'm Dr. Hammond,
your anesthesiologist.
You'll be looking at me and talking
to me throughout the surgery. Okay?
Okay.
For the burr hole,
I'll need a Midas Rex with an M-8 bit.
Then I'll switch to a V-1
for the bone flap.
Excuse me, Dr. Burke?
You said you'd give me a little
something to take the edge off.
Excuse me, Dr. Burke?
- So, what? It's a coma?
- It's not what you think of as a coma.
He's having what we call
"purposeful movements. "
And the CAT scan shows there's no sign
of hemorrhage or skull fractures.
You know, he's unconscious,
but if you'd like to talk to him...
...I'm pretty sure
he'll be able to hear you.
Hey, son.
It's time to wake up now.
You ready to go home?
Well, you gotta open your eyes.
Every day, I used to do this
to get him up for school.
Sometimes he'd fake it
until I tickled him.
Son...
...be strong now.
Mark? Mark?
Hey, Mark? Mark? Hey, Mark?
- Mark, breathe for me.
- Let's check the lapel line.
- Testing. One, two, three.
- How are you doing there?
- Testing.
- Tell me your name.
- Mark.
- Mark what?
- Mark Greene.
- Hi, Mark.
I'm Dr. Malcolm from Neurology.
How many fingers?
- I can't see.
- He needs his glasses.
Elizabeth?
Fingers first, Mark. How many?
Three.
Elizabeth?
- I thought you might like some company.
- Nice hat.
- Thanks.
- All right, Mark.
I'll be doing the language testing
while Dr. Burke maps the brain.
- I have an itch.
- Where?
Behind my knee.
- May I?
- Sure.
- Left or right?
- Left.
Okay, Mark.
Name the months of the year.
January, February...
...March, April-
That's it. A little lower.
May, June, July.
Mr. Harris? Mr. Harris?
Your wife is here.
- Dan?
- Debra.
- What happened?
- We got hit by a garbage truck.
O.R.'s ready.
- No. You said he'd wake up on his own.
- The surgery's for his leg.
We'll take him up to the O.R.
in a minute.
He looks so big just lying here,
doesn't he?
Remember I used to hold him in my hand
and rock him to sleep?
Yeah.
You used to think I was gonna drop him.
Remember that?
Paul.
Debra, I ran a red.
We were arguing about him quitting
hockey, and the music was really loud.
I don't know.
I must have missed the light change.
Honey, it was an accident.
Debra, I'm sorry.
Mr. Harris, you all right?
I think this tube is
getting my chest again.
- We should get you back to bed.
- I wanna stay with my son.
Malik. I think you'd feel more
comfortable if you were lying down.
- No, I wanna stay here! Debra?
- How's your breathing?
- Having any chest pain?
- A little.
- He needs a 12-lead!
- I wanna stay with my son.
- Let's get a BP.
- I'm sorry!
- Nitro spray if his systolic gets over 100.
- So sorry.
Trumpet.
Hammer.
Dolphin.
Guitar.
Tent.
Pachyderm.
Another name for this one?
Elephant.
It's Dr. Burke. You're doing great.
We're mapping out Broca's just fine.
Glad to hear it.
Four milliamps, please.
Catapult.
Thermometer.
- Bulldozer.
- Hesitation on that one.
Got it.
Window.
Hesitation again.
Try to read the card, Mark.
How are you doing there, Mark? Mark?
My...
...thumb.
He's diaphoretic.
I don't... Good.
Elizabeth.
- He's seizing.
- Oh, my God.
Cool saline, please.
Sats are 92.
- What's happening?
- Electronic stimulation-induced seizure.
Dousing the brain
with saline should cool it down.
- You said you'd be home at 5.
- Mark.
- It's now 9:00.
- Give him Ativan.
We can't sedate him, we won't be able
to talk to him. Cancel the surgery.
- Try propafol.
- What else can you do?
Give it a minute.
- Too severe.
- Mark! Mark!
- He's postictal.
- What now?
We can't resect the tumor
until he's awake and alert.
Mark. Mark, it's Elizabeth.
- Wake up.
- Mark, come on home.
Mark, we need you to talk to us.
Mark.
That's a good gag with the scope.
He might be lightening up.
Mark?
Come on, Mark. Come on, buddy.
Try and wake up. Mark!
No response to painful stimuli.
His eyes are open, but he's out of it.
- How long since the seizure?
- Half an hour.
Still no significant change in GCS.
Maybe we should close up
and come back in a few days.
In a few days?
You've just opened his skull.
Hey, what...?
What's going on out there?
You had a seizure during mapping, Mark.
We had to wait.
I'm okay. Keep going.
- You heard the man. Dr. Malcolm?
- Okay, Mark.
Name things that start
with the letter B.
Baseball.
Broccoli.
Brazil.
Bamboo.
Burke.
Brain.
Broca.
You okay?
Fine.
- How are you feeling?
- Okay.
I'm sleepy.
- Excuse me.
- I'm sorry.
Come on now, Mark.
Things that begin with B.
Baby.
Boy.
So you think we're gonna
have a boy, do you?
Just a hunch.
We could find out if you like.
Let's...
Let's wait, see.
Then we have to argue
about boy and girl names.
What about Jesús?
Jesús? That's Jesus. Jesus Greene.
I'm sorry, but I need you
to work with me here. More B's.
Okay.
Bobby.
Bill.
Bradley.
Bubba.
Any more pain?
Not since you put stuff
under my tongue.
MVA with pneumothorax.
He had some chest pain
but responded very nicely to the nitro.
I'm going off duty. Dr. Kovac here is
gonna continue to manage your care.
He flipped T waves in the anterior leads
waiting for a Tele bed.
- Is that bad?
- You could be at risk for heart attack.
- We need to admit you for observation.
- Did they start his surgery? My son.
They took him to the Operating Room
for his leg.
- But nobody's told me how he's doing.
- Dr. Kovac can find out for you.
Good luck, Mr. Harris. Happy New Year.
Were you having chest pain
before your collision?
No, I don't remember anything.
- Did you pass out?
- What do you mean?
With angina,
you can get an irregular heartbeat.
- And that can cause you to pass out?
- Yeah.
Because your heart doesn't pump
enough blood to your brain.
- Could that have caused my accident?
- It happens a lot.
- So it wasn't my fault?
- What?
- The accident.
- Probably not.
- I gotta talk to my wife.
- Does your chest hurt?
- Like a son of a bitch.
- Malik, I need some help here.
- Pressure's down to 80 systolic.
- ST elevation on the monitor.
Mix up the dopamine.
He's having an MI.
- What's an MI?
- A heart attack.
- We need to go to the cath lab now.
- What are you gonna do there?
You got a blocked artery on your heart.
We need to open it up.
Hold on. I gotta talk to my wife.
Dr. Burke, he's awake.
Hey, Mark. Do you know where you are?
- Hospital.
- That's right. You're in Recovery.
- What's the date?
- New Year's Eve.
And who's that?
I've never seen her before in my life.
- She's pretty darn cute.
- Hold out your hands.
Wiggle your fingers.
Now wiggle your toes.
Very good.
- How did it go?
- Fantastic.
Resected the tumor with clean margins.
Chemotherapy wafers are in.
- You see? You made it. I told you.
- Now get some rest, both of you.
I'll be back in an hour
for a neuro check.
Do you remember anything?
Something about a baby.
We discussed a boy's name.
We're gonna have a boy.
God! Feels like someone
parked a Volvo on my chest.
- He's still throwing PVCs.
- Could be his chest tube.
I'll try to reposition.
- I need to talk to my wife.
- I'll explain what happened. Just relax.
Oh, God.
Me and my son had to be arguing
when this happened.
- How old is he?
- Fifteen.
Part of being that age.
He needs your support the most
when he wants it the least.
- You a dad?
- No.
- Mrs. Harris would like to come in.
- For a minute.
You look like a nurse.
- Paul's awake.
- Is he okay?
Yeah. They took the tube out,
and he's breathing on his own, and...
- Well, he's asking for a cheeseburger.
- Oh, God. Thank you.
Hey, honey.
What happened? You okay?
I got a blocked artery on my heart.
I guess those sliders
finally caught up with me.
The docs figure that the blockage
made me pass out this morning.
That's what caused the accident.
Oh, God.
I'm really sorry about downstairs.
- I just... He was lying there, and-
- And you thought I did it again.
- Dan, stop.
- Okay.
I think it's time
for visiting hours to end.
Mrs. Harris.
- Tell Paul I'll see him in a bit.
- You better.
I'm going on break, Dr. Corday.
Can I bring you back something?
No, thanks. I'm fine, Terry.
I have to go now. I'm late.
It's good to see you have your sense
of humor. I suppose that's a good sign.
- Mark? Mark?
- I left the oven on.
He's off the monitor.
- I know. I know. He's altered.
- Where are my car keys?
- Can you give him Valium?
- I have no order for that.
- Lie back down.
- No. The lasagna, it's gonna burn.
Look, he needs sedation
and a stat head CT.
- No, I need to leave.
- I can't take your orders.
- You're not staff.
- He could have an epidural bleed.
- Get Dr. Burke.
- He was called to an emergency consult.
What do you think this is?
- What's going on?
- Trauma patient...
- ... had a coronary thrombosis.
- Why wasn't I consulted?
- Cardiology's handling it.
- I can see that.
What about our
glycoprotein 2B3A inhibitor study?
- He didn't meet the criteria.
- I decide who meets the criteria.
What? You mean I didn't need this?
On a low-fat diet,
you wouldn't need any of this.
- Damn!
- What's wrong?
- There's a dissection in the left main.
- Nice work.
What's wrong? What's happened?
The catheter made a small tear
in your blood vessel.
- What?
- He's dropping his pressure!
- Multifocal PVCs.
- Hundred of lidocaine.
- He's a surgical patient now.
- Up dopamine to 20 mics.
- Notify the O.R.
- What's wrong?
It's a complication. The only way
to save your heart is bypass surgery.
- Open-heart surgery?
- Yep.
- When?
- Right now.
- Can't we talk about this?
- Let's go.
Hey, Mark.
You had us a little worried.
No. No sign of post-op bleeding.
But the steroids
made you a little crazy.
- What did I say?
- I've heard much worse.
Look, I'll check on you in a little bit.
Call me if you need me, okay?
Mark, I'll be right back. All right?
Dr. Burke.
Hey.
- Hey.
- Pressure's down to 70. Dr. Karis!
Put him in Trendelenberg. Squeeze in
two units. Get me a staple remover.
- A liter out of the chest.
- Get him off the vent. Bag him on 100%.
Tell the blood bank we need six.
Splash him with Betadine.
Open a thoracotomy tray. Wire cutters!
- He's tachy at 130.
- Ready for rib spreaders.
He's ruptured his aortic trunk.
Side-biting clamp.
- I'll see you in Recovery.
- You're not coming with me?
You're with the surgical team now.
Say goodbye to Dr. Kovac.
Good luck.
- I don't want surgery.
- You don't really have a choice.
- I want a second opinion.
- But you'd be dead...
...before a doctor could examine you.
Let's move! We got no time!
I wanna be cutting in five minutes.
Okay, we're gonna scoot you over now.
Ready and lift.
Mr. Harris, I'm Dr. Babcock,
the anesthesiologist.
- Are you allergic to any drugs?
- No.
- Are you taking any medications?
- Just the stuff they gave me today.
- What's he on, Shirley?
- Dopamine, lidocaine and nitro.
Ever have a bad reaction
to an anesthetic?
- Mr. Harris?
- No.
- Why isn't this guy under?
- I had to throw in an art line.
- Gown me.
- You're the guy in the Emergency Room.
- Dr. Benton does it all.
- You were in a collision with your son.
- You're gonna go to sleep now.
- Wait, I got a bad feeling about this.
- Pump primed and ready?
- Set.
No, I'm not gonna make it. I know it.
- You'll make it.
- You gotta tell my son something.
- You can tell him after the operation.
- Not if we don't get in there soon.
Please tell him that I love him.
And that I'm very proud of him...
- ... more than he'll...
- Let's tube him.
Okay, let's go.
The clock's ticking, his heart isn't.
Okay, Mark.
Follow my finger with your eyes.
- Mark, follow his finger.
- Mrs. Street?
- Why don't we go to the Waiting Room?
- Sorry.
- They'll call you with updates.
- Okay.
What were the three things
I asked you to remember?
The three items. Remember?
Giraffe, beach ball, 123 Main Street.
Three for three.
- Do you know what happened to him?
- Who?
The heart kid.
They got him to the O.R.
It's touch-and-go.
I'm gonna have somebody
from Psychiatry talk to you.
- No, thanks.
- I recommend it to all my patients.
Depression suppresses the
immune system. It can hinder recovery.
I don't need a therapist.
I could get this Foley out.
- If you have urinary retention-
- A nurse can throw another one in.
Mark.
The sooner I get it out,
the sooner I can walk.
The sooner I can walk,
the sooner I get out of here.
- No offense.
- Okay, I'll take out the Foley.
- Bathroom privileges?
- Only if somebody walks you.
You're a lucky guy, Mark.
There has never been a more
successful treatment for your tumor.
If you believe that
and mobilize your inner resources...
...you're gonna survive.
Time of death 2048.
He didn't make it.
No.
But I did.
Yeah.
You fixed my heart.
Yep.
I didn't even know
I had a heart problem.
That car accident saved my life.
You never heard of a yearly checkup?
- Hey, son.
- You okay?
Yeah. I feel like I got hit
by a truck. Again.
Did you sleep well?
Yeah, except when you were yapping
in my ear, asking me to wake up.
- I notice you didn't listen.
- I was in a coma.
You know, you always got an excuse.
Hey, son.
I guess this means you're not gonna
play hockey anymore this year, huh?
They said the cast will be off
in six to eight weeks.
Your leg's broken. It's weak.
Let it heal.
Well, I'll be doing physiotherapy.
- Maybe we can start running together.
- Trying to give me another heart attack?
You gave me a scare, Dad.
You too.
We're under a minute, Dick,
and Times Square is raring to go.
- Some rocking New Year's Eve, huh?
- It'll do.
When are they gonna come
take this damn Foley out?
It's been over three hours
since he put in the order.
I think she's busy
with another patient.
I can't wait any longer. I gotta pee.
Then go.
- Mark.
- Come on. You know how to do it.
I can't believe I'm doing this.
I don't think I could order those
for a patient ever again.
Are you sure you're up to this?
Nature calls.
- Easy.
- I got it.
You're not supposed to do this
on your own, you know.
Once I get in there,
can I stand on my own?
No. You can sit.
- Okay, let me try.
- All right.
See? It's not a race.
You just be careful.
Okay. Small steps. I know.
Small steps.
That's it. See, you're doing it.
Subtitles by SDI Media Group
Ripped by blade2 for TusSeries
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org